add terraform clean --everything and --force delete terraform.tfstate.d folder (#727)
cloudposse/atmos: website/docs/cli/commands/terraform/usage.mdx

  planfile

- `atmos terraform clean` command deletes the `.terraform` folder, `.terraform.lock.hcl` lock file, and the previously generated `planfile`
  and `varfile` for the specified component and stack. Use the `--skip-lock-file` flag to skip deleting the `.terraform.lock.hcl` file. 

>   Use the `--everything` flag to delete all the Terraform state files and directories (including `terraform.tfstate.d`) for all components and stacks. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Use the `--everything` flag to delete all the local Terraform state files and directories (including `terraform.tfstate.d`) for all components and stacks. 
```

  Use the `--force` flag to bypass the safety confirmation prompt and force the deletion (use with caution).

  :::warning

>   The `--everything` flag performs destructive operations that can lead to permanent state loss. Always ensure you have backups before proceeding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The `--everything` flag performs destructive operations that can lead to permanent state loss. Always ensure you have remote state configured in your components before proceeding.
```
